Solving issue #880 (#3628)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/deploy-enterprise-licenses.md

ms.topic: article
---

> 

Reviewer: This line still looks unneeded to me.
```suggestion
```

ms.topic: article
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

ms.topic: article
---

> 

Reviewer: I don't think these 2 blank lines are needed. There is already a blank line above, enough space to allow for the next headline/title formatting.

# Deploy Windows 10 Enterprise licenses

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >Licenses E3 and E5 brings windows 10 license enterprise with them, this tutorial is special for the use and implementation of these licenses in a on-premises Active Directory environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Office 365 Enterprise E3 and Office 365 Enterprise E5 include a Windows 10 Enterprise license. This article is about the use and implementation of these licenses in a on-premises Active Directory environment.
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a cosmetic detail, but I think it will be enough with 1 blank line.

This topic describes how to deploy Windows 10 Enterprise E3 or E5 licenses with [Windows 10 Enterprise Subscription Activation](windows-10-enterprise-subscription-activation.md) or [Windows 10 Enterprise E3 in CSP](windows-10-enterprise-e3-overview.md) and Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).

>[!NOTE]

> >* Windows 10 Enterprise Subscription Activation (EA or MPSA) requires Windows 10 Pro, version 1703 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>* Windows 10 Enterprise Subscription Activation (EA or MPSA) requires Windows 10 Pro version 1703 or later.
```

> >* Windows 10 Enterprise E3 in CSP requires Windows 10 Pro, version 1607 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>* Windows 10 Enterprise E3 in CSP requires Windows 10 Pro version 1607 or later.
```

> >* Automatic, non-KMS activation requires Windows 10, version 1803 or later on a device with a firmware-embedded activation key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>* Automatic, non-KMS activation requires Windows 10 version 1803, or later, on a device with a firmware-embedded activation key.
```

If you are an EA customer with an existing Office 365 tenant, use the following steps to enable Windows 10 Subscription licenses on your existing tenant:

1.	Work with your reseller to place an order for one $0 SKU per user. There are two SKUs available, depending on their current Windows Enterprise SA license:

>     a. 	**AAA-51069** - Win10UsrOLSActv Alng MonthlySub Addon E3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **AAA-51069** - Win10UsrOLSActv Alng MonthlySub Addon E3
```

>     b.	**AAA-51068** - Win10UsrOLSActv Alng MonthlySub Addon E5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **AAA-51068** - Win10UsrOLSActv Alng MonthlySub Addon E5
```

You probably have on-premises Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) domains. Users will use their domain-based credentials to sign in to the AD DS domain. Before you start deploying Windows 10 Enterprise E3 or E5 licenses to users, you need to synchronize the identities in the on-premises ADDS domain with Azure AD.

> You might ask why you need to synchronize these identities. The answer is that users will have a **single identity** that they can use to access their on-premises apps and cloud services that use Azure AD (**such as Windows 10 Enterprise E3 or E5**). This means that users can use their existing credentials to sign in to Azure AD and access the cloud services that you provide and manage for them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might ask why you need to synchronize these identities. The answer is so that users will have a *single identity* that they can use to access their on-premises apps and cloud services that use Azure AD (such as Windows 10 Enterprise E3 or E5). This means that users can use their existing credentials to sign in to Azure AD and access the cloud services that you provide and manage for them.
```

> **Figure 1** illustrates the integration between the on-premises AD DS domain with Azure AD. [Microsoft Azure Active Directory Connect](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=47594) (Azure AD Connect) is responsible for synchronization of identities between the on-premises AD DS domain and Azure AD. Azure AD Connect is a service that you can install on-premises or in a virtual machine in Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Figure 1** illustrates the integration between the on-premises AD DS domain with Azure AD. [Microsoft Azure Active Directory Connect](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47594) (Azure AD Connect) is responsible for synchronization of identities between the on-premises AD DS domain and Azure AD. Azure AD Connect is a service that you can install on-premises or in a virtual machine in Azure.
```

-   [Integrating your on-premises identities with Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/active-directory-aadconnect/)
-   [Azure AD + Domain Join + Windows 10](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/enterprisemobility/2016/02/17/azure-ad-domain-join-windows-10/)

>[!NOTE]

> >If you are implementing Azure AD, and have already an on-premises, you don't need to join the computers into Azure AD, since your main authentication method is your internal AD. In case, that you want to manage all your infrastructure on the cloud, then you can safely remote your domain controller and work with the join of the computers into the Azure AD, but you won't be able to apply fine control into the computers using GPO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>If you are implementing Azure AD, and you already have an on-premises domain, you don't need to integrate with Azure AD, since your main authentication method is your internal AD. If you want to manage all your infrastructure in the cloud, you can safely configure your domain controller remotely to integrate your computers with Azure AD, but you won't be able to apply fine controls using GPO.
```

> >The whole idea of using Azure AD, is mostly when you don't have any on-premises servers, and you want and enterprise administration of devices worldwide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Please reduce the amount of blank lines to 1 or 2, depending on existing codestyle requirements.

### Step 2: Pro edition activation

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >If your device is running Windows 10, version 1803 or later, this step not needed. Starting with Windows 10 version 1803 the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>If your device is running Windows 10, version 1803 or later, this step is not needed. From Windows 10, version 1803, the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.
```

### Step 2: Pro edition activation

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >If your device is running Windows 10, version 1803 or later, this step not needed. Starting with Windows 10 version 1803 the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>If your device is running Windows 10 version 1803 or later, this step is not needed. From Windows 10 version 1803 the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.
```

### Step 2: Pro edition activation

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >If the device is running Windows 10, version 1803 or later, this step is no longer necessary when there is a firmware-embedded activation key on the device. Starting with Windows 10, version 1803 the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>If your device is running Windows 10, version 1803 or later, this step not needed. . Starting with Windows 10 version 1803 the device will automatically activate Windows 10 Enterprise using the firmware-embedded activation key.
```

- [Figure 12](#win-10-not-activated-subscription-not-active) (below) illustrates a device on which Windows 10 Pro license is not activated and the Windows 10 Enterprise subscription is lapsed or removed.

<span id="win-10-not-activated"/>
<img src="images/enterprise-e3-win-10-not-activated-enterprise-subscription-active.png" alt="Windows 10 not activated and subscription active" width="624" height="407" />
**Figure 10 - Windows 10 Pro, version 1703 edition not activated in Settings**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<span id="subscription-not-active"/>
<img src="images/enterprise-e3-win-10-activated-enterprise-subscription-not-active.png" alt="Windows 10 activated and subscription not active" width="624" height="407" />
**Figure 11 - Windows 10 Enterprise subscription lapsed or removed in Settings**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Figure 12](#win-10-not-activated-subscription-not-active) (below) illustrates a device on which Windows 10 Pro license is not activated and the Windows 10 Enterprise subscription is lapsed or removed.

<span id="win-10-not-activated"/>
<img src="images/enterprise-e3-win-10-not-activated-enterprise-subscription-active.png" alt="Windows 10 not activated and subscription active" width="624" height="407" />
**Figure 10 - Windows 10 Pro, version 1703 edition not activated in Settings**

> 

Reviewer: You may want to consider reducing the amount of blank lines to 1 or 2.

<span id="subscription-not-active"/>
<img src="images/enterprise-e3-win-10-activated-enterprise-subscription-not-active.png" alt="Windows 10 activated and subscription not active" width="624" height="407" />
**Figure 11 - Windows 10 Enterprise subscription lapsed or removed in Settings**

> 

Reviewer: Consider reducing the amount of blank lines to 1 or 2.
